[Music] Let's
see what Ricoy's doing,
let's see it at Uncle Sur's. Let's see,
Luare is telling me that he sees it. Excuse me,
excuse me, Ricoy, calm down a little,
calm down a little. Ricoy, Luare is telling me
that he sees it a little. Z Z, but it's
good that we're going to see it because you're all
a little annoying. Ricoy exposes the robbery
against Belum and is forceful against the Dead and
Dogeo, man, they voted for him more than
you guys and that's it, I
agree with you there. At the end of the day, it's
an action, whether it's popular or professional, I don't care what
type of voting it is,
but hey, it's a vote, it doesn't matter how
Greek wanted to do it, if they
wanted to put a certain percentage on one side, a
certain percentage on the other. The thing is that they
beat us by votes, both in the
popular vote and in the professional vote, okay, in the
eyes, a bomb just happened,
a bomb just happened and we're going to be the
first to see it, okay, no, I'm not
going to be able to go to the 24-hour center today to eat,
okay, both votes. But why do
I say it's a robbery?  I consider it a
robbery Because for me the eslan what I
conceive that an eslan is an award for
content creators not in I think that
is basically the eslan are
made to reward the work of the
content creators and that is where we are
going the miniseries of the
year has been awarded the squid Games of Minecraft okay
But now I ask Who has made
the squid game of Minecraft the squid
game of Minecraft has been made by auron
Play or has been made by Rubius or has been
made by Comanche no the reality is that the
squid game of rus are a rival Twitch
The squid game of rus are a
rival Twitch Exactly the same as the event
that I did Juan in January it is a
rival Twitch Twitch puts 100000 euros on the
table or 00000 on the
table well if you put it like that it awards
Well of course not the miniseries let's see but
if the idea is from auron and he commissions a
company to make it, he hasn't just
given me 50 members  what are you talking about
dude but super free Oh well but
at this point I didn't count on
anyone being crazy enough to
give away 50 more members because we're
already talking about one we would have to push
eh there would be come on let's give me a round of applause right
now we would have to push a
little now and reach 3000 I think not anyway
we're talking about almost
2200 almost 2200 members are you going
to tell me that I won't be able to today when I
finish Stream publish proud of my
community on Twitter 3000 members
guys we reached 3000 members
we're at 2200 eh today my tesa will be
happy eh tesa as a prize It's simply
not called Twitch rival I don't know why I do
n't know why it's not called Twitch
rival it's called squid game Minecraft
or something like that but the reality is
that this event is created by Twitch
Twitch puts the money Twitch puts the
prize Twitch hires no no no no no
no This is not like that I mean the
squid games are not created by Twitch  Twitch
only puts up the prize money
on the condition that it's a rival
Why a rival because Twitch eh man
wins user because the event is done
exclusively on Twitch and and also wins
because they do the interviews they
retransmit it and so on no the idea was
Comanche's actually the idea was
Comanche and he executed it with Rubius and with
Auro okay they all executed it Mr Duke has
become a member Thank you
very much thank you very much a huge studio
to create the Twitch event
man how much money is behind the
Minecraft squid game man
200,000 250.00 300000 very easy and the
only thing they've done is take that
event and say contact uron Play
uron Play and Rubius and say we have
this are you interested in us using your
image to do this is that not the case
in that case or rather what he is
explaining is for example in this event
that was a failure of those of the lord
of the rings of gref in that case yes  Do you
remember that first Greev said
that the event was his and then he said No, it's not
mine, it's not mine, it's from these people,
yes, but the Squid Games idea and
Comanche are proposed by Auro, they talk about it
and they are the ones who direct this yes, this no This
yes, we include these contestants
Now I want this Now I want that other
event yes no yes no yes they accepted they made
the event then he would tell us that he
belittles the work of others But he
makes it clear that his was a project
with four people who put
money out of their pockets and a lot of
effort and that on the other hand the skid
would have a company behind it But the
reality is that Auru has done nothing
to make the Squid game Rubius has
done absolutely nothing to make the
Squid game and Comanche has done absolutely nothing to make the Squid
[ __ ] well no dream The Comanche with the
Squid Games issue, well, what
pressure the Squid had G This is not
throwing m to my coworkers
I am not belittling the work of Auron
or  Rubius, there is no real job, there is no job, damn it, I
repeat, Twitch did the job by
subcontracting other
professionals in the sector, such as
Euphonia or Kim Cojo, who did that
squid event, I don't think it's like that,
rich and yes, yes, it is like that, entertain me,
clown bro, it's like that, listen to me, listen to me
bro, because I work, I work here, I know how
things work, okay, how
things work, I asked, well, that's
not like that, you, who is this
rich boy, I don't know who is rich and he didn't
mention it yesterday, delox, he didn't mention it
yesterday, delo knows him and he's a
roommate, I don't know what friend of his
is a friend of a friend of his or something like that, he
said yesterday he went to Twitch to make a rival
and they told me no because
Jo juuan's rival was already there and there is the
rival, friend of the millor, of course, yesterday
deos mentioned it, not the squid games, which
is a Twitch rival with another name, but it
is a Twitch rival, Twitch made it,
bro, I mean, literally that slan
was won by Twitch, which was  the one who has
put the 2,500,000 euros the 200,000 euros
or whatever it is to create the event
brother belum we have done it four
killed we have done it four killed
who have put the money out of their pocket
who have not spoken to Twitch to
help them not us But then by this
rule of three vum or the event Who belongs to
whoever puts the money there are many
things not only whoever puts the money
sponsored absolutely nobody nobody has
come and told us we give you 100,000
euros of Prize we give 20,000 for the for
the server for whatever you need
nothing nothing we have done We with
our support do you understand what I want to
tell you No what are we valuing when it comes
to delivering a slan to the best
miniseries of the year or the best series of the
year What are we valuing the work the
effort or how much money has been put
behind it here I would go into more detail about the
difference between your project and Auro's
everyone who has worked on a series knows
the work behind it man and the
hours that have to be put in and the  months of
work man, we at Belum
have been working for months and you
know it, you've seen us man, you've
lived it with us, we closed
right at 3 in the morning because we
had a meeting at the party.
So it's not even included. Of course, because the ones
who put up the money are the
sponsors. Let's see, the
only party I know is
the Santaana party in Triana. Okay, and
the one in my neighborhood when I was a kid that was
held there in the Escampo. No, they already
set up an urbanization there and
put in another supermarket and they didn't bring in
the rich little gadgets anymore. He's a
friend of Millor and Chostos. Well, the
truth is, it's the first time we've seen him
here on the channel. No, I don't know if there was a
newscast or something, but I didn't
remember, family. I couldn't
disagree more with this thing that we just
saw, but I have to move on to another one
that you're going to love, okay, because it's
something that just happened. How are the
[Music]
Likes going?